Update SIEM suppressions doc post migration (#22432)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/log_detection_rules.md

## Suppression rules

Optionally, add a suppression rule to prevent a signal from getting generated. For example, if a user `john.doe` is triggering a signal, but their actions are benign and you do not want signals triggered from this user, add the following query into the **Add a suppression query** field: `@user.username:john.doe`.

> Additionally, in the suppression rule, you can add a log exclusion query to exclude logs from being analyzed. These are based on **log attributes**. (**Note:** This field depicts the same behavior as legacy suppressions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, in the suppression rule, you can add a log exclusion query to exclude logs from being analyzed. The queries are based on **log attributes**. **Note:** The legacy suppression was based on log exclusion queries, but is now included in the suppression rule.
```
